Juan Manuel Martinez in front of Diego
cavalieri
from the bonbons buenos aires-
15 years ago remember we played the
Argentina selection at the Bombonera
last the 8 against Colombia in the
eliminatory course to the world championship
de france-98 with a match that ended
1 for 1 fernando case de marco por
argentina and player carlos 'el pibe'
valderrama by colombia pégale juan
manuel martinez enrique osses
authorizing the first charge 55 there is
diego cavalieri
the first 25 from argentinas martínez el
Burrito
authorize enrique osses
martínez martínez estopa cavalieri
go which manuel martínez the first the
negative for the kit and it will not show you the
angle shot the right hand and there
he arrived very fast
diego valeri to avoid the goal cry
of the Argentines was wrong in this
resolution at the auction equal manuel
martínez did not hit him with power or
with location and dilapidated the first
option for argentinian
exact facto power that he shot the
burrito martínez and the good reaction of
which would end when it comes
thiago neves
who is usually a collector
from this instance we will see if not
produces thiago neves and I make
and I do thiago thiago time diego tiago
or
and Brazil
diego to see because the first one for a
Argentina seeding amount a catfish 2
the penalty kicks chose the angle of the
right hand hit him with the profile
left not so hard but yes well
placed attached to the comb of the hand
right of goalkeeper Augustin Orion that the
I also guess the launch but it was
very difficult to reach that corner is
prepares walter montillo and chose exact
placement is sometimes one of the two
but doing it right in the execution comes
montillo in the second of Argentina
montillo montillo montillo 0.28 up
Brazil continues this one did not hit him with
location but with power but the
shot too high to the best style of
neymar and they just saved the whole
Brazilian who wins Series 1 by 0-2
Argentina 0 chicks one of
brazil annotation by thiago neves
now who goes through brazil stadium of the
Bombonera enjoying the signs of her
expectation to the superclassic of the
americans comes the way two months we go
to see if moreira rectifies the errors
who has had to commit a criminal jean
moreira and have failed for the second
goal that determined this resolution
at the point-to- point with the channel versus
moreira orión
moreira moreira moreira moreira moreira
Brown
two
Brazil moreira Brazil 2 Argentina 0 the
right all for the ball the hand
option left that was wrong was
threw to the opposite side and jan rafael
moreira secure the 2 for 0 for Brazil
completely uncontrolled audio
the Brazilians that when they are fair
to cure Argentina the door
or
you will feel sebastian dovey that is the
Argentine Capital 1 Brazil 2 extended the
party because I would have voted was already winning
practically the Argentine team
Brazilian I charge her very well up does not
gave a chance to goalkeeper Diego Cavalieri
that simply accompanied the play with
the look of power match all for
Brazil 1 for Argentina and the
number 16 of brazil carlinhos other
man who came from the bank affection Brazil
carlinhos that takes distance carlinhos
district lotta park trained covered
argentina 1 brasil 2 charged with the profile
left but very announced at hand
precisely left of the goalkeeper
Augustin Orion Bolus placed yesterday the
palms of his hand and prevented the release
we know then 21 the marker
when each team with three
opportunities we go for the fourth
auction
and that is the worst soft bull
announced halfway up and now it's coming
the scorer and ignacio scocco who scored
the two goals from argentina and that forced
to this definition and is the current
Argentine soccer tournament goal scorer
it's coconut already marked maximum penalty in this
match
authorized ses 2 a 1 up brazil
it's coconut it's coconut it's coconut
Argentinian
ignacio escobar that guests brazil 2
if to follow in part the party cheated by
complete the Brazilian point goalkeeper
diego cavalieri who flew to the
left the ball entered on the right
but he had speed and power is the
launch by scocco all
tie the series
but now if you have a little less than
it comes to hide
Now Orion is frequent
that has failed two collections we remember
Martinez and Montillo while
Brazil has been made of carlinhos for
the front to orión king marked him orión in
on 11
normally vice and always the scorer
of soccer more and better
Brazil
go to the door with
now
the multiple argentine brasil although it
use end up having Augustin Orion
how the ball entered the other
secured the launch and at this time
for himself winning the series three by two
when each of the teams has
executed on four occasions and
now he will have to come to Argentina and not
fail what
they opened and closed the sea for Brazil
it is already here it executes well a priori
don orione arroyo
argentinian agustin orion argentina 33
a little bulky because the ball
it looks like I have the horizontal up and
got into the back of the net although there was
deceived the goalkeeper diego cavalieri already
the tutor and five opportunities
argentinas only part 3 while
Brazil takes 4 launch wants
part of navarro if neymar gets this one
wins the Olympic return in the bonbon
he caught let's see if he remembers what
what happened in new yersey there is the
hierarchy of players' heads
and besides the ghosts it can be
hero or villain neymar neymar recycled it
rechiflas
authorized is the title for Brazil
neymar that opens all career neymar
Neymar from Neymar
or
of Brazil title for Brazil Neymar
gives the title to brazil of the superclassic
from the americas to say 4 argentina 3
neymar that is filled victory post 1 won
in the game of game 2-1
back and indefiniteness maximum penalty
shot from the 12 steps so